Update Panorama.py - URL Filter category updates (#21344)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_14_20.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Updated URL Filtering category list to include finanical-services, not-resolved, real-time-detection and ransomeware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the ***pan-os-get-url-category*** command where the *finanical-services*, *real-time-detection* and * *ransomeware* URL categories were not identified.
```
